{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Student ID: 300573032\
Username: competelri\
------- report -------\
\
What my program does:\
  * All of core, completion, and 1 part of challenge which is having time and distance as cost.\
\
For A*:\
\
For finding/searching the shortest path between the stops I used AStar because it utilises cost related calculations. Which consists of variables : f, g, and h. Where f is the updated cost together with the cost of g which is the cost from starting node until the current node and h is the cost of from the current node to the goal. Astar also implements a fringe which is a priorityQueue cost because we want the most optimistic (lowest hueristic) therefore its going to process those closest the starting stop.\
\
For Heuristic:\
\
I calculated my heuristic by getting the const double maxSpeed of 27.53 then grabbed the distance between the start.point to the goal.point. I then divided the distance of the start and goal by the maxSpeed only if we are calculating the cost by time else, just return distance from start to goal.\
\
Directed Multi graphs:\
\
A multigraph can contain more than one type between the same two nodes. Where the path can either be walking or could be a bus route depending on the range of distance of walking. \
\
Why does the edges have to be stored as the path was being generated?\
\
Since Edges connects an ordered pair of stops. Where in this assignment the neighbouring stops points from the first stop and to the second stop of the pair. Where a subgraph is a subset of directed graphs neighbours/edges that constitutes a direct graph. Therefore, the edges had to be stored as generating path to determine which stops are reachable.\
\
\
\
}